order this and other games on DVD at CSP
edu / CTP concordia looking to continue
a late-season push as they hosted upper
iowa on Senior Day be a final home game
of the season for the Golden Bears they
got things off to a flying start
recovered an onside kick on the opening
kickoff and then Dre Spears his first
touchdown of his Concordia career a
one-yard gain into the endzone Concordia
got on the board first got the defense
going as well with their pass rush Zach
more now with nine and a half sacks on
the year as he dragged van keuren to the
turf the Concordia defensive end Zach
more Concordia we get another touchdown
on a run by sam campbell Spencer ohm off
the play fake finding his favorite
target Charles Gilbert a deep throw
across the middle 61 yards into the end
zone made it a 21 nothing Concordia lead
home going right back to Gilbert as he
went down field off the rollout a great
double move by the Concordia receiver
back into the end zone from 47 yards out
Concordia put it in the end zone on
their first four drives as they went up
on Upper Iowa 28 nothing Gilbert happy
with good reason after that score Zach
Hobie added another touchdown for
Concordia late in the first half it
would recover a fumble in the end zone
to make it forty to nothing and then
Upper Iowa did get on the board curvy
hoped in finding Keenan O'Neil the tight
end from five yards out late at 42-7
Concordia Concordia getting another
score though off the option sam campbell
his second rushing touchdown of the day
up the sideline into the end zone it was
49 seven golden bears what are you
looking to tack on one more on fourth
down pazza leaping grab across the
middle hanging on the ball put Concordia
closer to the end zone and then backup
running back jerry Shaw off the option
once again would take it into the end
zone from one yard out just across the
goal line for the final score Concordia
losing to a 56 7 win the Golden Bears
now seven and three on the season
you